= ThinkingTank

ActiveRecord extension that allows to define models that should be indexed 
in an existing IndexTank index. It supports a very similar syntax to 
ThinkingSphinx allowing to easily port an existing project.

Every indexable model should include a define_index block in its class 
definition, see the example for more details. This block supports the indexes
 method and receives a field name.

Model classes now have a search method that receives one or more string 
arguments with query strings (according to the query specifications) and 
supports the :conditions argument as a hash from field name to query string. 

In order for this extension to work you need to define a config/indextank.yml
in your application with the api_key and index_code (or index_name) settings 
for each environment (similar to config/database.yml).

Indexed fields in ActiveRecord are prepended an underscore when sent to 
IndexTank so if you plan to write query strings that use your field names you 
will have to prepend the underscore to the field names.

== Rails 2
In order for the ThinkingTank rake tasks to be available you need to add:

    require 'thinkingtank/tasks'

to your Rakefile.

== Rails 3
Just add

    gem 'thinkingtank', '>=0.0.5'

to your Gemfile, and you're done!


== Rails 2 and 3
For both versions of Rails, you can use the following task to reindex your
entire database:

    rake indextank:reindex


== Example
Sample config/indextank.yml file:

        development:
          api_key: '<YOUR API KEY>'
          index_code: '<INDEX CODE>'
          # instead of index_code you can also use an index_name
        test:
          api_key: '<YOUR API KEY>'
          index_code: '<INDEX CODE>'
          # instead of index_code you can also use an index_name
        production:
          api_key: '<YOUR API KEY>'
          index_code: '<INDEX CODE>'
          # instead of index_code you can also use an index_name

Sample model:
    class Person < ActiveRecord::Base
        define_index do
            indexes :name
            indexes gender
            indexes age
        end
    end

Sample query code:
    Person.search("john")
    Person.search("john OR stacey")
    Person.search("stacey", :conditions => { :age => 25 } )
    Person.search("james", :conditions => { :age => 25 , :gender => "female" } )


Copyright (c) 2010 Flaptor Inc.
